Project 1 - Dog Door
You are asked to create a dog door for a client.  You are programming the remote that will do things such as open and close, etc. You must create both the program and write a white paper explaining your design.
●	It should open (saying “The dog door is open.”) and close (saying “The dog door is closed.”).  
●	It should take into account a dog going outside and coming back in; it should open when the dog barks, recognize the sound of the owner’s dog and not other dogs, not let other dogs or animals in by closing when necessary (use any way you like), 
●	Some people may want their dog door to lock/unlock all the windows in the house if a certain combination on a keypad is put in.  Some people may want the door to detect the dog scratching the door.
●	You should at least have Remote, BarkRecognizer, DogDoor, and Bark classes.  
●	You should use an Iterator (by implementing the interface of Iterator, i.e. not just a regular loop) to recognize barks.  
●	Make sure to use classes, objects, inheritance, polymorphism, interface, etc.
●	Use main to show how it works.


Project 2 - Parking Garage
You have recently been thinking of going into business.  
It has always been your dream to own a parking lot in the city.  
You recently went and bought a very large underground facility 
and are almost ready for opening day!
●	Design a program that models a parking lot.
●	You should have the relevant data structures (more than one perhaps depending if they park their car or an attendant does, etc.).  You can use collections as well.
●	You should be able to do things like sort data (you should write your own sorting methods, and you may choose to use comparators and iterators to compare such things as cars).  
●	This should be a real world design, so think of all the possibilities and how you would deal with them.
●	Include a white paper that explains your design (and obviously comment your code).
●	At least 8 objects should be implemented and run in main.  Make sure to put in data.  You will also need to analyze the cars coming into your lot, simulating some of the process
●	Extra credit: If you like you can use lambdas and streams to analyze your information a bit.

Project 3 - Independent Learning
Choose one of several options below and explain 
it with code. This project has a component focused on 
writing code, a component focused on explaining what it means, 
what it does, why we would use it, etc., and a component of a 
recorded presentation. Please upload both the powerpoint file, 
code, and your recording link.

1.	Option 1: JSON implementation and networking
2.	Option 2: Cryptography implementation
3.	Option 3: Unit Testing, Logging, and ANT
4.	Option 4: Concurrency and Multi-threading



